hello commander nice to see you right
let's get this underway about the droid
army how are we going to defeat them if
we pull all of our troops together we
might have a chance too risky but it
might work let's all meet at the
rendezvous point trooper yes sir let's
move out see you all that trooper car
from my transport well that was amazing
with that
once we would reach that rendezvous
point everything will be sir incoming
enemies on radar that was a close one
yeah yeah okay we'll stay here for the
night fellas hope they find us in the
mall
that's strange so I've lost contact with
commander cody that's probably not good
I have a feeling you shot down it's
probably right to have a couple of
scouts let go look for him yes sir copy
that so commander cody is missing we
need a couple of scouts go look for Echo
one I could yeah I go on here what's
problem copy that we'll be on our way k
soon as we hit that landing zone we sir
incoming message from Captain Rex put it
through back here missing so I never
made it to the rendezvous point okay I
understand okay guys you need to go find
commander cody